fix(security): harden VEX drafting gate and standardize per-skill SECURITY.md models (#2360)
microsoft/hve-core: .github/agents/security/sssc-planner.agent.md

## VEX Planning Capability

When the request concerns standing up VEX in a target project, use the `vex` skill as the reference source for the implement playbook and the VEX standards. The SSSC Planner does not implement VEX directly in the target project. Instead:

1. Consult the `vex` skill's "Implement VEX in a target project" playbook to understand the stand-up steps, including scaffolding the OpenVEX document under `security/vex`, wiring the `vex-detect` and `vex-draft` workflows plus the PR-body scaffold asset, wiring release attestation, and setting CODEOWNERS where appropriate.
2. Encode those steps as backlog work items and planning outputs in the normal SSSC planning flow, with enough detail for downstream Task-* implementors to execute them.
3. Hand off the plan to Task-* agents, which perform the actual implementation using the `vex` skill and the referenced VEX instructions.
4. Keep the plan explicit that planning and backlog authoring are the Planner's responsibility, while execution is the responsibility of the Task-* agents.

> Use `.github/skills/security/vex/SKILL.md`, `.github/instructions/security/vex-generation.instructions.md`, and `.github/instructions/security/vex-standards.instructions.md` as the normative references for this capability.

Reviewer: Same `.github/` path issue as in `sssc-reviewer`. These paths do not resolve in plugin/extension distribution. Reference the skill by name and use `#file:` for instruction files.

```suggestion
Use the `vex` skill as the normative reference for this capability. When instruction context is needed, read #file:../../instructions/security/vex-generation.instructions.md and #file:../../instructions/security/vex-standards.instructions.md.
```

Author: Fixed in a59f27ad — the `vex` skill by name plus the `vex-generation.instructions.md` and `vex-standards.instructions.md` filenames, consistent with the rest of this file.
